fe5fc66172.net,Domain used by Enviserv (not date seeded),2020-01-12,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/enviserv.txt
rxadwufrnjrsfb.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
fqwqjacflcrdgg.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ssccpfgseuljfi.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
kgyrfkkkskwtiq.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
lteqbpqploaiio.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
lbbqxulljvqkkb.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
mogptarqcatybi.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
modrrfbiunsawr.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
nciqnkhnnrvoww.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
njfqkpcjlymqgb.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
owkpguioedpfwp.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
upxfmgdcglikja.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
irdqsoqjxjtyix.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
whaboqepuotfcw.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
kjfmuyrwmmftkl.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
wxcfybtaioeqjk.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
kahqfjhhampfip.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ypebblunwrplja.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
mrjmhtiuopbarv.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
digfnvdrgiugra.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
evlejestxrgmin.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
faibpgefulgbkl.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
gnnalothmurhkm.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
fqkfaqtpilqmge.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
gepevyjraucswy.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
himbcbudwochgi.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ivraxjkfoxnngq.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
xnlwkdlfwnus.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
lrgijivtumff.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ymjvgtguaqbf.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
mqehfyqjxplr.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
cxqhdkmgkvpn.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
pclscpwuiuaa.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
dwogybhvnyva.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
qbjrxgrklxgm.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
cjvjerswcwkm.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
dyqjhwfgatwu.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ditiainmfaqy.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
exoidnavdwdh.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
gtbtwytxpffh.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
hjvtaeghncrp.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
hsyssponsilt.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
iitsvubwqfxc.net,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
ioprrycsykdq.biz,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
vskdqhvnlpjy.ru,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
kknpqpwuadsp.org,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
xoibpxqpmiyx.co.uk,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
myuckgdtmsxl.info,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
adpnjowoyxet.com,Domain used by Cryptolocker - Flashback DGA for 09 Jan 2020,2020-01-09,http://osint.bambenekconsulting.com/manual/cl.txt
molla.gato1000.cl
adv.riza.it
hmora.fred-build.tk
borat.elticket.com.ar
pave.elisecries.com
lay.elticket.com.ar
peeg.fronterarq.cl
lexu.goggendorf.at
malibu.websitewelcome.com
msw67.cafe24.com
ktechi.com
walfab.com
hasurvey2015.com
campingwiking.pl
onlinecrockpotrecipes.com
e2bodywork.com
2014worldcupbrasil.com
sblock-account.com
sophoula.com
mykhyber.org
lavaux.be
westfortworthdentist.com
zchon.net
highexdespatch.com
outservice.com.pl
einhell.lt
542868-deutschland-prob-sicher-account.sicher-vorbeugung.ga
ssl.secure-loginhandle.xyz
ncmarineconstruction.com
az1stchoicegaragedoors.com
advantice.fr
party2pal.com
produtoscanhotos.com.br
endure.smartinspectionsnext.info
a2zsolutionbs.com
strojegradnja-trpin.com
topproductsusa.com
forgehealthandperformance.com
nigerianwritershub.com
bark.synricha.org
airstream.in
qeaqidirta.com
iuga.ro
aclimilano.it
trouble.cachetinvestments.com
fullreviews.top
bellhhfj.niggazzgosurive.co.uk
almanzaphotography.com
davidbradley.me
ravenhilltransport.com.au